YH-W-A-CH...
BLEACH: THOUSAND YEAR BLOOD WAR
THE SEPARATION
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything...
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
THE ROYAL PALACE - MAIN ENTRANCE
Ichigo Kurosaki!
As you're aware, the Soul Society
has suffered heavy damage.
How pathetic.
SQUAD ZERO RIDEN - HYOSUBE'S RIDEN A thousand
years of peace have made the Soul Reapers weak.
And Squad Zero was just watching.
Part of our duty is to simply watch...
And it is also our duty to train you.
They are sure to come again...
in the near future.
I know...
Thanks for your help.
Where do you think you're going?
To the Soul Society, obviously.
I need to get back before they do.
Are you that eager to die?
As it stands...
you will not be able
to win against Yhwach.
SILBERN - CATHEDRAL
Raise your crosses!
Salute...
His Majesty Yhwach!
You're all here, Stern Ritters.
A thousand years ago,
we Quincies were
savagely attacked by the Soul Reapers.
We lost many comrades and
our very existence was threatened.
We survived hiding in
the Schatten Bereich,
endured humiliation...
and waited out a thousand years.
Soon, the final battle will commence.
The time has come for us to annihilate
the Soul Society and the Soul Reapers...
and reinstate the honor
of the Quincies.
In advance of the battle,
I have an announcement.
Come forth.
- Who the hell...
- ...is that guy?
Why is he on the same stage
as His Majesty?
Uryu Ishida...
He is the last surviving Quincy
in this world.
I...
hereby name him as my successor.
But why?
His Majesty's successor...?
That guy?
What is going on...?
Jugo...
I will not stand for objections.
No need for concern either.
You will all soon learn firsthand
his powers in the battles to come.
That will be all.
Ugh! This makes no sense!
You!
Y-Yes?
I'm in a bad mood,
so come to my room.
Now!
I-It would be my honor!
Aw, come on!
Look at the mess you made again.
Bambi!
At least I did it in my room.
I don't care if you do it in or out!
I'm saying you need to do something
about your urge to kill hot guys
whenever you get pissed!
So, what do you want?
Bazz-B is still causing a commotion
over there.
Why don't you go join him?
You must be pretty pissed too, right?
Not really. So stupid...
I don't get it at all!
Who the hell is that guy?
Can someone explain to me
what is going on?!
And just who's going to explain it?
If anyone, it could only be
His Majesty.
What's there to explain about?
It's the first time any of us is hearing
about a successor, you rooster head!
I wonder if His Majesty doesn't
have long to live?
Candy, why don't you go make a move
on that successor boy?
What?!
Stop treating me like a slut.
As if you're not.
You bitch!
Damn it!
I refuse to accept this!
Where are you going, Bazz-B?
What about you?
Why aren't you going anywhere?
You know...
I was under the impression that
you were His Majesty's successor.
If you were the successor,
nearly all of the Ritters would have
accepted it without any complaints.
Yet, you don't care about any of this?!
His Majesty's word is everything.
There is no room for me to object.
You've become a coward.
I'm disappointed in you.
In that case,
give up your seat right now!
If you really don't care about
giving it up to some newcomer,
then I might as well
take it from you!
Calm down, Bazz-B.
What's that?!
I am calm!
Way more than you, ya know!
You're right. You are calm.
You didn't rush in head first.
Very calm. Calm indeed.
Nakk Le Vaar...
What do you think you're doing?
I was trying to save you.
Fighting is no good.
Let it go—both of you.
There's nothing to gain
from fighting like this.
In fact, it can be toxic
for someone like you.
But you already know that.
Right, our next Emperor?
There is something I'd like to ask
before the ritual.
Why... am I your successor?
You're questioning it?
If you think a little,
it should be obvious
why I am choosing you
as my successor.
You can't figure it out?
Then let me ask you this:
Uryu, why are you still alive?
You already know.
You're the only Quincy in history
to ever survive the Auswählen.
There is a reason that you survived.
From the day I lost my mother,
I had been wondering...
Why my mother died
while I survived.
What was my purpose?
That answer was written
in my grandfather's diary.
Based on Your Majesty's words,
I have confirmed them
to be all true.
That Quincies and Soul Reapers
can never get along...
And who I really am.
That is why...
I severed my ties
with everything to be here.
To bury the Soul Reapers.
Come with me.
I shall show you your future.
Yes, Your Majesty.
With this, your powers
will soon awaken.
I bestow this Schrift upon you.
The same letter "A" as me.
HUECO MUNDO
This reaction...
Boy... it sure was a long way
to get to this Negal Ruin.
Looks like she got there safely.
Good.
Guess I'm the one who needs
more time to wrap things up.
He said he'll be monitoring
through Pero.
But he didn't come to
my help even
when I was in real danger.
I see.
Let's get started on our training.
We don't have much time left.
Yes, you're right.
I wonder how Kurosaki is doing...
Ichigo...
You won't be able to defeat Yhwach
in your current state.
Therefore, I need you to surpass
that of a Soul Reaper.
I'll surpass anything
you need me to.
That's why...
You can hone your Zanpakuto skills
all you want.
But you will still remain
a Soul Reaper.
What's this for?
Let's begin, shall we?
This is a sacred place,
which we may not enter without
the permission of the Soul King.
The Soul King...
I shall test to see
if you are "worthy" to
surpass that of a Soul Reaper.
I hope things are going well
for Ichigo.
Are you worried, sir?
SQUAD 1 BARRACKS - FRONT GATE
That man is very cunning.
He took Ichigo, but...
SQUAD 1 BARRACKS - FRONT GATE Who knows if he's
acting in the best interest of the Seireitei.
Huh?
Whoops, my bad.
Forget what I just said.
I say let's do what we can here.
Yes, sir.
Like I said...
This isn't an order!
I'm begging for your help,
with my head down!
Head down? Yeah, right!
I can tell even over the phone that
you're not bowing your head!
Look, I'm counting on you, okay?
You're the only one
who can do this!
How does it feel to be
the chosen one?
Feels great, right?
Bye!
- Hey, don't just hang up!
- Hiyori...
There's a package
from the Soul Society.
That was fast!
Wait, they can deliver down here?
To our outpost?!
The sender is listed
under joint names.
Shinji Hirako and... Mayuri Kurotsuchi.
Ugh! Okay, fine, I'll do it!
We're hereby forming the "Fixing
the Super Pain-In-The-Butt Distortion
Between the World of the Living
and the Soul Society" crew!
What do you mean by "forming"?
We have to participate too?
Of course, you dumbass!
Whew!
This is tough, man!
Nonsense!
What's so tough about standing still
and facing each other?!
Shut up!
This kind of thing doesn't suit me!
Being still or pointing
a blade toward an ally!
It doesn't suit me either to point
Yes, this is Kuchiki!
Uh-huh...
Really?!
- Who is it?
- Thank you, sir!
It was from Sir Kirinji!
He says my brother has recovered!
KIRINDEN
That was quite a long bath.
You're the first to soak in
my hot spring for this long.
How are you feeling?
Did the heat get to your head?
No need for you to worry.
I'm aware my powers are too feeble
for anything to get to my head.
Now that I've survived,
I need to gain a power strong enough
to let it get to my head.
He recovered?!
Thank goodness...
By the way,
when did you exchange numbers?
You've both become quite chatty!
When you first got here,
you two could barely move.
You spent the entire time
crouched on the floor.
Look at how far you've come!
What do you say?
Want to start training with me
in the back room?
- Yes, sir!
KARAKURA TOWN Ichigo?
I thought that you might know
Ichigo's whereabouts, Arisawa.
How would I know such a thing?
So you don't know, huh?
Chad, Inoue, and Ishida
aren't around, either,
so it must have something to do
with the Soul Society.
Sorry to butt in.
Who are you?
You're the captain of Squad 8, right?
I don't recall introducing myself...
But I'm flattered that
you remember me.
How can we help you?
For a captain to come out here,
it must be something serious, right?
Yes. I'm here because
there is something
I need to tell you all.
It's about saying goodbye to Ichigo.
What do you mean, "goodbye"?!
You guys must've gotten him mixed up
in something again, right?
Hey, Keigo...
That's exactly right.
As all of you have surmised,
Ichigo is currently with us
to protect the Soul Society.
Ichigo's current location
is a special place
even within the Soul Society.
Knowing him, I'm sure
he'll come back safely.
What I'm really worried about is...
not knowing what kind of power
he'll come back with.
Why is that a problem?
Depending on the type
of power it is,
it may affect
the World of the Living.
If that's the case,
we can't allow him to come back
to your world.
That's all just for your convenience!
Ichigo went to the Soul Society
for you guys,
and you're gonna lock him up there
under the excuse
that it's better for
the World of the Living?!
If that happens, then yes.
You son of a...
This is a hypothetical situation...
Right?
What's the likelihood
of this scenario?
The possibility is
1 in 10,000 or even less.
We're just considering it as
one of the many possible outcomes
that could happen.
You came all the way here just to
tell us about something so unlikely...?
Could you say keeping his friends
in the dark about something
even on that level is doing right
by Ichigo?
And so...
PASS here you go!
What is this?
Those are called Soul Tickets.
It's a pass for you to enter
the Soul Society to go see Ichigo
in case the worst-case scenario
should ever occur.
Don't look so sad.
It's not like it's going to happen
today or tomorrow.
It's still a way down the road.
Are you tired, Inoue?
Shall we call it a day?
I was thinking how peaceful it was.
Peaceful?
The enemy may come attacking
at any moment, you know?
That's true, but...
For us humans to be able
to spend time in Hueco Mundo,
help the Arrancars,
and training hard to save
the Soul Reapers...
It just feels kind of nice.
I wish that this could last
as long as possible.
To continue helping one another...
and respecting each other's worlds...
so that we can all say...
there was no battle to start with.
What? What just happened?!
What is this place?!
WARNING All instruments
are showing abnormal readings!
All instruments
What's going on?!
I don't believe thls...
Is... Is this even possible?!
The Seireitei is...
...gone!
The invasion is complete.
Uryu.
Do you know the Kaiser Gesang?
Yes.
"The confined Quincy King..."
"regains his pulse after 900 years."
"His mind after 90 years."
"His strength after 9 years."
There is more to the song...
"The confined Quincy King regains
his pulse after 900 years."
"His mind after 90 years."
"His strength after 9 years."
"And the world..."
"...in 9 days."
Let us go, Uryu, Haschwalth.
These are the last 9 days of the world.
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll
"Freezing ice
created from synergy."
"Quells the impatience
of his burning blade."